The program is not my own, but part of my education studies.
A more revised and improved version will be released later once
I have learned more and can be more creative.

The words are my own, such is also the halt system with boolean.
The Highscore feature is my own, The mechanics of hangman
will also be changed. I have a few ideas.

If you find you like my work, I would appreciate any form of donation
or supportive comments in the form of constructive critic and minor
implementation suggestions. Being well fed is a good start for a healthy mind.


Libraries to be used
Special functions from Libraries to be used

Start of program

	Create a group of words

		1. Rosebush		  2. Strawberry		3. Lemongras		4. Methanol	      5. Hexagram
		6. Justice			7. Ballon			  8. Fierce			  9. Gateway	      10. Cicada
		11. Janitor		  12. Loathsome 	13. Combustion	14. Heartless	    15. Tender
		16. Gauge		    17. Fornicate		18. Liberation	19. Ascention	    20. Curfew
		21. Honest		  22. Sobrierty		23. Henceforth	24. Benevolent    25. Sinister

			Pick a random word from the group as the secret word

			While player as not made to many wrong guesses and has not guessed the secret word
				
				Tell player how many incorrect guesses that are left
				Show player the letters that he or she has guessed
				Show player how much of the secret word she or she has guessed
				Get player's next guess
				
				While player has entered a letter that he or she has already guessed
					Get player's next guess
				Add the new guess to the group of used letters
				
				If the guess is the secret word
					Tell the player the guess is correct
					Update the word guessed so far with the new letter
				
				Otherwise
					Tell the player the guessed word is incorrect
					Increment the number of incorrect guesses that player has made
			
			If the player has made to many incorrect guesses
				Tell the player that he or she has been hanged

			Otherwise
				Congratulate the player on guessing the correct word

		**	Future implementation Unknown
			
			save Score
				if Score is higher then Highscore 
					enter Score and Name on Hiscore with closest number match
					move old Score one step down
					remove bottom score				
			save Highscore to textfile
				then display Hiscore from textfile
				run looped fireworks audiofile
				highlight and flicker animate last highscore entry
		**

	Halt program
		Ask player if he or she wants to play again
			If yes
				restart program
			Or no
				end program
		Otherwise
			Repeat Halt program	
End program
